Add EKS Guide (#278)
scalar-labs/scalar-terraform: docs/EKSDeploymentSidenote.md

The Cluster Autoscaler minimizes costs by ensuring that nodes are only added to the cluster when needed and are removed when unused.
With `cluster_auto_scaling = "true"`,  `scalar-terraform` automatically deploys Autoscaler when `public_cluster_enabled` is set true (true by default).

```terraform
region = "ap-northeast-1"

kubernetes_cluster = {
  cluster_auto_scaling = "true"
}
```

If you want to add Autoscaler manually, see [Deploy the Cluster Autoscaler](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cluster-autoscaler.html#ca-deploy).

## Update EKS cluster endpoint access to `Private`

To disable public access for your cluster's Kubernetes API server endpoint, please follow the steps below.

- Edit [example.tfvars](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalar-terraform-examples/blob/main/aws/kubernetes/example.tfvars)

    ```terraform
    region = "ap-northeast-1"

    kubernetes_cluster = {
      public_cluster_enabled = "false"
    }
    ```

- Terraform apply

    ```console
    cd aws/kubernetes
    terraform init
    terraform apply -var-file example.tfvars
    ```

## Update EKS cluster endpoint access from `Private` to `Public and private`

> Since `scalar-terraform` does not support the flow yet, please change it from the AWS console, AWS CLI, see [Modifying cluster endpoint access](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cluster-endpoint.html#modify-endpoint-access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `scalar-terraform` does not support the flow yet, please change it with the AWS console or the AWS CLI. Please see [Modifying cluster endpoint access](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cluster-endpoint.html#modify-endpoint-access).
```

Author: Thanks! But I'm not sure what's the best. 😅 

https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalar-terraform/pull/278#discussion_r576150285

Reviewer 2: I think they are compatible. (I didn't fully check it before and it was still a bit weird.)
I added another suggestion directly on the Yusuke's suggestion. (added `for more detail`.)
